[climbing under trampoline] This shall keep me safe from the hot Mexican sun. So, what do you say? We got a basket full of father-son fun here. What's Kama Sutra oil? Maybe it's not for us. Say goodbye to THESE!

She's trying to prove that she's closer to my children than I am, but the joke's on her, because she doesn't know how little I care for GOB. You can always tell a Milford man.

Hey, look at that – you're mean sober, too. I've been in the film business for a while but I just can't seem to get one in the can.

NO TOUCHING! The only thing I found in the fridge was a dead dove in a bag.

I deceived you, mom. Tricked makes it sound like we have a playful relationship. And guess what else is back. [slow wink] My breakfast? My friskiness. Mama horny Michael. I'm afraid I'm with Michael on this one. The guy runs a prison, he can have any piece of ass he wants. He… she… what's the difference? Oh hear, hear. In the dark, it all looks the same. A-coodle-doodle-doo. A-coodle-doodle-doo.

Got a big ass room at the travelodge. What a fun, sexy time for you. Way to plant, Ann!

Dead Dove DO NOT EAT. I'm gonna build me an airport, put my name on it. Why, Michael? So you can fly away from your feelings? I could use a leather jacket for when I'm on my hog and have to go into a controlled slide. You boys know how to shovel coal? Turns out he ended up getting too friendly with the teddy bear. I was once called the worst audience participant Cirque du Soleil ever had. Heyyyyyy Uncle Father Oscar.

Say goodbye to THESE! I don't criticize you! And if you're worried about criticism, sometimes a diet is the best defense. Oh, yeah, the guy in the the $4,000 suit is holding the elevator for a guy who doesn't make that in three months. Come on! Interfere? I ought to pull down your pants and spank your ass raw. Michael: I'm sorry, have we met? If this tableau I recreate, perhaps I can re-snare my mate. A Colombian cartel that WON'T kidnap and kill you.

Tobias is Queen Mary. Look at us, crying like a bunch of girls on the last day of camp. Popcorn shrimp… with club sauce.

George Michael, you want to put your head down there by his drainage shunt? It's so watery. And yet there's a smack of ham to it. Michael was having brunch with Sally Sitwell at a restaurant called Skip Church's Bistro. In addition to brunch, the restaurant was known for an item on the menu called the "Skip's Scramble", an omelet that contained everything on the menu. Do not order the Skip's Scramble. If I wanted something your thumb touched, I'd eat the inside of your ear. But where did the lighter fluid come from? Well excuse me, Judge Reinhold! Bob Loblaw Law Blog. Yes. Lindsay and I are planning a night of heterosexual intercourse.

Coo coo ca chaw. Coo coo ca chaw. Are all the guys in here… you know? George Sr.: No, not all of them. Barry: Yeah. It's never the ones you hope. There are dozens of us! Dozens! Waiting for the Emmys. BTW did you know won 6 Emmys and was still canceled early by Fox? COME ON. A trick is something a whore does for money…or candy. … or cocaine. Yeah, like anyone would want to R her. It's ok. You be with Yam. You just grab that brownish area by its points and you don't let go no matter what your mother tells you!
